[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Isn't this the 17th
Annual Conscious Life Expo?
>> Yeah.
>> It's fantastic.
By the way, we're
streaming worldwide by Gaia
all over the planet.
[CHEERING]
So that means all my material
about Russia and China
and stuff--
I got to throw away.
[LAUGHTER]
I was sitting in the bar
waiting for this event to start,
not drinking.
And a guy comes in and sits down
near to the bartender and says,
sir, I don't have any money.
Can I have a drink?
And if I show you something
that you really like,
can I have it for free?
The bartender says, geez,
what am I going to do?
I'm ready to reach
into my pocket
to buy the poor guy a drink.
He reaches into his pocket
and pulls a little piano,
a little tiny one.
Puts it on the bar.
And then he pulls out a hamster.
Sits the hamster
down by the piano.
And the hamster just
starts playing away.
Bartender says
that's pretty cool,
but I don't know
about the free drink.
He says, well, what about this?
Reaches into his other pocket
and pulls out a little frog.
Frog starts singing.
Figaro!
Just amazing.
Bartender says, you'll
get your free drink.
That's amazing.
A guy next to this
other guy comes
running over with a $100 bill.
And he said, I want that frog.
Please, can I have him?
The guy says sure.
Takes the $100,
gives him the frog.
Guy puts the frog in his
pocket and he leaves.
The bartender says,
you're an idiot.
He says, what do you
mean I'm an idiot?
He says, you gave
away something that's
going to be worth
millions of dollars.
He said, nah.
The hamster is a ventriloquist.
[LAUGHTER]
Go figure.
Life is very different, folks.
[APPLAUSE]
So what we're going to do--
Tommy, you got the bell?
Smack it first.
There you go.
Every contestant will
have up to two minutes
to answer their
specific question.
We're going to do several
rounds until the event is over.
The same question each round.
And I have a bowl.
Serena, bring me the bowl, and I
will pick the first contestant.
And then you will address
from the middle, folks.
The first contestant for our
cosmic question is Lisa Garr.
Lisa?
>> Great.
Bring it on.
[APPLAUSE]
>> There you go.
>> So Tommy will give
you the question.
>> Hi, Lisa.
>> Bring it on.
>> Hi, Tommy.
>> How are you?
>> I'm good, Tommy.
Where are you?
>> I'm right here.
>> Oh, there you are.
Hi.
>> Lisa, if you were leaving
Earth to go live on the moon,
what one item would you bring
and what one person would you
bring and why?
You have two minutes.
>> I would bring--
the item that I would
bring with me is my heart.
It's an item.
It's in my body.
But it would allow me
to take on whatever
it is that I need
to learn on the moon
in order to live and survive.
The people I would bring
with me is most likely
my daughter and my
husband, because that's
where my love is.
>> So the question was
one person and one item.
>> Oh, come on now.
>> Just reading
what they gave me.
>> I like going outside
the box, though, Tommy.
So I'm making my own rules.
And, yeah, that's what I would
do is I would bring my heart.
I would bring my family.
And we would adventure together.
And we would
discover new realms.
And we would collectively
combine our minds
in order to reach outside
of the origin that we're in
and travel
collectively together.
Because that tends to be
what we tend to do always
is just go outside
of our own minds.
And it's all led from the heart.
So that is my answer to that.
>> Ladies and
gentlemen, Lisa Garr.
[APPLAUSE]
>> And our next
contestant, [INAUDIBLE]..
Rabbi?
And rabbi was telling us
because of something very--
>> Yeah, right.
We don't touch.
>> You can announce.
>> It's the Sabbath.
>> He can't touch
the microphone.
You can't touch the mic.
>> It's what we call in Hebrew
[SPEAKING HEBREW] so I can't do
that.
But that's OK.
At least I can talk.
>> Question again, Tom.
Go ahead.
>> Rabbi, first of
all, how are you?
>> Baruch hashem.
Thank You.
>> Tell us your favorite toy
as a kid and why you liked it.
>> My favorite
toy as a kid, huh?
Boy, oh, boy.
That's a good one.
I don't even know.
I have two minutes.
Rabbis usually told to be
very quickly at the podium.
When you're leading
a synagogue service,
people don't have time.
They always sit and watch.
So that's my way of
just wasting some time.
What would be my favorite toys?
When I was a child, I
used to love building
what are model airplanes.
I don't know how many
of you might remember.
Back in the day, Charlie Brown
and Snoopy and the Red Baron--
well, he was
fighting [INAUDIBLE],,
the head of [INAUDIBLE]
and who fought--
who flew the Fokker
Dr.1 triplane.
Well, somehow,
someway that always
had a meaning and
a message to me.
And I don't know.
Maybe some karmic
connection there.
My warrior past.
Who knows?
But since I was
very, very young,
I always built model airplanes.
Maybe something having to
do with going to the skies,
flying, freedom, strength, all
those things which eventually
materialized in both
my marshal as well
as spiritual traditions.
That pretty much sums it up.
Did that in two minutes, right?
>> Thank you, the rabbi.
>> Did that well.
>> Yes, you did.
No dings.
[APPLAUSE]
>> And by the way, Israel
through his SpaceX--
Elon Musk's company just
launched a lander to the moon.
Isn't that amazing?
>> Yes.
>> Wow.
But we were ahead by 50 years.
Our next contestant--
David Adair--
[CHEERING]
Rocket Man who, by
the way, is moving.
Can we tell people this?
>> Yeah, he'll be alright.
>> He's moving
full time to Egypt.
>> Nice.
>> Go ahead.
That's not part of
your two minutes.
>> Oh, OK.
I was going to say--
[LAUGHTER]
>> David, how are you?
>> Pretty good.
>> You have two minutes.
>> All right.
>> Tell us what makes
animals so lovable.
>> Do you know they have--
>> Who came up with
these questions?
>> The committee.
>> Animals have
like a sixth sense.
Most of them do.
Their instincts are
king, so perfectly edged.
And they have an insight real
quick. 'Cause in the wild,
you only get split
seconds to make sure
that you either got a friend
or foe you're dealing with.
And you don't have
time to think about it.
So when they encounter us,
that's the first thing they do.
They just scan us like radars.
And they're trying to figure out
what kind of nature of a person
you are.
And there are-- you're right.
They're so lovable.
You ever wonder why you
spell God backwards?
And what's it spell?
Dog.
There's a reason for that.
That's the only animal
on Earth that practice
unconditional to man.
You can beat it, and it
keeps coming back to you.
So they have an incredible
sense of ability
to read you and understand you.
And they make their
decisions based on that.
And you can feel it.
You ever look at a puppy
or kitten in the face?
It's more than innocent.
It just really likes you.
And you can feel that.
They project those
kind of energy waves,
because they have to in a wild.
'Cause like I said, they
only got split seconds
to make friends or
enemies real quick.
So that's why
they're so lovable,
'cause if you're a nice person,
they're going to like you.
>> David Adair.
>> David, stay there for a sec.
David, stay there for a sec.
Couple questions.
By the way, David
loves dogs so much,
he's been licking
my face all day.
[LAUGHTER]
Why are you moving to Egypt?
>> Well, you're all
going to love this.
As he said, two days
ago, Israel just
shot a satellite to the moon.
It's going to soft impact,
I think, March or April 18.
And there's so much
going on out in the world
you're not aware of.
Countries are
mobilizing the stuff.
The Middle East is more like
United States, this united
country there now.
They're all working together.
And the Middle East has
a new space program.
Guess who's going to direct it?
>> Woo!
>> Very first thing
we're going to do--
we're going back to the moon.
>> And guess who the first
astronaut will be that David is
sending?
Jimmy Church.
I arranged it.
[LAUGHTER]
Thanks, David.
>> All right.
>> Thank you, David.
>> There's a note from
Jimmy, by the way.
>> One way.
>> Ms. Grace.
Sonja Grace.
>> Good one.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Tommy, where are you?
>> Right here, Sonja.
How are you?
>> Oh, there you are.
>> Look down.
Sonja?
>> Yes.
We're going to get a
little more heavy here.
>> OK, I'm ready.
Tell us how you would
convince someone
that is suicidal that life
is joyous and worth living.
>> Yes, there is a group groan
that just happened behind me.
That's a hard one.
And we all know
how difficult it is
when someone's on that edge
to not only go in and throw
them a rope, but pull them out.
I think the most
important thing that I
have discussed with
clients in this position
is that we all have karma.
And that's why we're here.
We've all incurred
karma for lifetimes.
And the reason we're here
is we're working that out.
So to commit suicide
takes us out of that loop.
And when we are out of that
loop and on the other side,
we're literally living out
this lifetime as if we're still
alive, but we have no body.
And that's very difficult to do.
I encourage people when they
are suicidal to remember
they have karma, and they're
here to work that out.
And I also remind people
that they are loved.
Because that's the one thing
that's missing for many of us
in our lives is we need to know
we're loved, we're cared for,
that we matter, and
that we're heard.
So I'm going to end this on,
I love you all and I hear you,
OK?
>> Sonja Gray.
She made it by 30 seconds.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Has anybody ever had
a close person, a friend,
a family member that
committed suicide?
>> Yeah.
I had a friend
that did that, too.
I had a friend.
He was a sportscaster
in Detroit where
I was an executive producer.
And I moved to St. Louis.
And I was working on trying to
get him hired as a sportscaster
there.
And he had gotten
fired in Detroit,
so he was very depressed.
And he would call every day.
And one day he called.
And I noticed that he
seemed more depressed
than the other calls.
And he said, can
you wire me $350?
I'm out of money.
I said, of course.
His name was Red Jamison.
And I said sure, Red.
I'll send it to you.
So I wired him $350.
The next day he apparently
was found hanged in his hotel,
but had paid his
insurance, which was $350.
>> Oh, my God.
>> It's unbelievable.
And you think about all that.
>> Oh, my God.
>> Next up--
Nassim Haramein.
[APPLAUSE]
>> How are you doing, sir?
>> Oh, on the grill.
>> Nassim, you have two minutes.
Name something human
beings take for granted
that would be sorely
missed if we didn't have.
>> Space.
[LAUGHTER]
>> You got two minutes, man.
Go.
>> Well--
>> We've got two hours, Nassim.
[LAUGHTER]
>> --should we go
through the equations?
Well, we typically think
of space as a given,
like it gets there.
And that is like nothing
you have to worry about.
And turns out that
space is not empty.
It's full of information.
And it's present everywhere.
At the atomic level
of your existence,
you're made out of
99.9999999% space.
The rest is just a little
bit of a fluctuation
you call yourself.
And it might fluctuate
stronger at certain time
and not as strong as the others.
And these fluctuations
of information
is exchanging with the
space continuously.
And I think we
forget about that.
We forget that there is
something remarkable happening,
that like there's a 100 trillion
cell in our body that are made
out of 100 trillion atoms each.
And that like all--
there's like I
think 1,000 billion,
billion chemical change every
second for all that to work.
And it's like a bloody
miracle that you're alive
every billionth of a
second that occurs.
And so I think we
have a tendency
to forget the miracle of
life and the space that
makes it possible.
>> Nassim.
>> Nassim, I had a physicist
on "Coast to Coast"
a couple nights ago.
And I asked him that
obvious question--
how do we all start?
How did this begin?
And he said, I have no idea.
[LAUGHTER]
Are we ever going
to get that answer?
>> I just wrote a paper on it.
>> And what was your results?
>> Cosmological genesis.
Their result was that it's--
well, it just got
accepted, by the way,
in a very good physics
journal for publication--
>> 'Good for you.
>> --which just
passed peer review.
I'm really excited about that--
two days ago.
And it says that the
universe is a continuous loop
of information that creates
universes, upon universes,
upon universes.
Universes foam out
other universes.
>> How did the first one start?
>> There is no beginning.
>> See, I can't get that answer.
[LAUGHTER]
>> It's continuous.
>> By the way, the physics
magazine that published them
was called "Mad" magazine,
just so you know.
[LAUGHTER]
I didn't know this was
going to be a roast, too.
But what the heck?
On May 11, I'm going to have
a live show in Columbus, Ohio.
And one of our great guests who
will be in attendance with me
will be Billy Carson.
Billy?
[APPLAUSE]
>> Billy, welcome to
the podium of truth.
>> All right.
>> If you get any taller,
we're going to have to get
an extender on the microphone.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Billy, what do you
consider two of the most noble
professions and why?
You have two minutes.
>> Two of the most noble
professions, I believe,
right now are to me,
breakthrough professions that
are going to be probably taught
in universities all around
the world.
And it would be archaeoastronomy
and astroanthropology.
And archaeoastronomy--
thank you.
I believe as you're
studying space anomalies
and you're looking at space
data, science data that
is given, handed down by
verified space agencies.
And you're analyzing that data.
And you're literally
an archaeologist,
but you're analyzing space data.
And you're able to extrapolate
different types of anomalies
or things that don't exist,
things that shouldn't be there,
or information in the data
that spikes and raises
a lot of questions.
And these questions can
help humanity answer a lot
of our own questions here
on Earth like, are we alone?
Who are we?
Where do we come from?
And so that's why that's
one of the most important.
Another one is
astroanthropology.
And that's where we're actually
finding these anomalies,
analyzing them, and
then now tracking down
these ancient civilizations
that have been left over,
not only on Earth, but also
all around the solar system,
proving that we had an
intergalactic or at least
interplanetary, at least,
in this solar system,
I believe galactic
civilization that
was here a very,
very long time ago
and may still be here right now.
And we're analyzing
this science data.
And we're able to extrapolate
what type of people
they were, how they
lived, what they did.
We've got a lot of
evidence here on Earth
in terms of the
different types of skulls
that have been found by great
researchers like Brien Foerster
and so forth.
And people have traveled all
around the world like Erich von
Daniken and analyzed
these things in person.
And that's why I've kind
of taken myself now,
to go out, analyze
these places, and look
at some of these
ancient research,
and be able to compare it to
some of the space anomalies,
and figure out who
these people were
and what they did in
the ancient times.
>> Billy Carson.
>> Thank you, Billy.
>> By the way, Billy, you made
it by seven seconds or you were
going to be done.
Good job.
>> Billy, question.
Question for you.
>> Yes, sir.
>> What do you think of the
Zecharia Sitchin theory,
that the Anunnaki came
here, seeded whatever was
on the planet at the
time, and here we are?
>> Zecharia's system was one
of the greatest researchers
in the history of mankind
in my personal opinion.
Was he absolutely 100% correct
on everything and he stated?
No, but is anybody?
It's called research.
And when you start off at one
point, you get from point A
to point B.
And sometimes between
point A to point B,
It's up to interpretation.
One thing that
people don't realize
is Zecharia Sitchin's
theories came
from work that was
actually translated
not by him, but by many other
scholars hundreds of years
before he was even born.
We're talking about the
Enuma Elish, and the seven
types of creation,
the [INAUDIBLE],,
the Epic of Gilgamesh.
These works were
translated long before him.
And what he did was
took these works.
He extrapolated information
from these works,
and from the Kabbalah, and from
the Torah, and from the Bible,
and from the Nag Hammadi,
and everything else
he could get his hands on.
And he tried to paint
a picture for us.
And the overall
underlying story seems
to be the same thing, George.
And that story is that
a very long time ago,
beings either evolved
Earth and came
to a high-level
civilization and genetically
modifying the existing
hominid on this planet.
Or beings came from
another planet, maybe
potentially our space
brothers, our cousins,
and came here to this planet
to mining for resources
and then at some point began
in a genetic manipulation
of the existing
hominid on this planet.
I don't believe that they
created human beings.
Or, well, they genetically
modified a hominid,
creating what we call a Homo
sapien in my personal opinion
and to be used, unfortunately,
for slave race purposes.
I don't think they wanted
to go with AI technology.
Because when you look into
the Epic of Gilgamesh,
you realize that they did
have an android in that story.
But they themselves
were very smart
and realized that if you had
a whole race of these AIs,
they may supersede them.
So they wanted to create
something that was actually
a little bit more dumbed down.
And I think that they
took our ancient ancestor,
the existing hominid.
And I actually think that they
disconnected the DNA, turned
down a lot of our
extrasensory perception,
including shrinking our pineal
gland, making us actually,
unfortunately, a
little bit dumber.
I believe that ancient man
was much more intelligent
than the current modern-day man.
That's my personal opinion.
>> Billy Carson,
ladies and gentlemen.
>> Thank you, Billy.
[APPLAUSE]
I had the honor
several years ago
of awarding the late Zecharia
Sitchin the Conscious Life Expo
Lifetime Achievement Award.
And he had just
turned 90 years old.
And in front of
the massive crowd
I said, Mr. Sitchin,
how old are you?
And looked me in the eyes and
went, George, that's very rude.
[LAUGHTER]
Only Zecharia could do that.
Our next contestant
heads up earthfiles.com.
She's our investigative reporter
at "Coast to Coast AM--"
Linda Moulton Howe.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thank you.
>> Howdy, Linda.
>> Hi.
>> Linda, you have two minutes.
How would you describe
to your unborn daughter
the journey she is
about to embark on?
>> Linda is not pregnant, by
the way, just so you know--
I don't think.
>> That the most valuable thing
that she could learn or go
into light with was knowing the
power, and the strengthening,
and healing aspect of
photons in this universe.
And I would try to teach her
how every morning of her life
to concentrate on
entangling with photons.
And that entangling with
photons comes this big irony.
From the point of
view of a photon
traveling at 186,000 miles
a second in this universe,
there's only one photon.
And at 186,000 miles a
second, there's no time,
and there's no space.
So that when you
entangle mentally,
physically with
photon light, you
are entangling with a place
that has no time and no space.
I found it to be the
most strengthening thing
that I have done in my life.
And that's what I
would tell my daughter.
>> Linda Moulton Howe,
ladies and gentlemen.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Linda, you are hailed not
only on "Coast to Coast,"
but worldwide as one of
the greatest investigative
researchers and reporters
out there today.
You have a tenacity
about yourself
where you just don't give up.
When you started into this field
back in Denver, for example,
what was it that got you so
interested in this field?
>> Back then in the '70s, those
of us in news had to deal with
cameras and Nagras.
The Nagra is operated on
crystal sync with the cameras.
So when you were
out in the field,
you had to work
like a ballet team.
I'd have two men, one with
a Nagra, one with the camera
and me.
And we would have to
move around whatever
we were doing, because
the camera and the audio
were umbillicalled together.
And we couldn't do anything
if the camera man and/or
the audio didn't have what are
called battery packs that they
wore around their waist.
And a man that I work
with all the time--
I told him you've got
to have at least 8
to 10 battery packs
charged at all times.
Because we never
know what we're going
to be up against, because
I was doing documentaries.
And it was that audio
man sitting at lunch one
day on one project
who said, I've
just come off of a
shoot of a new program
in New York called "20/20."
He says, Linda,
you know how you're
a stickler for me to have
all these battery packs.
He said, so the ABC crew--
they hired me on to do audio.
And we would get out
to Kansas and Oklahoma.
And there'd be this dead animal.
And we would come with the
camera, and nothing would work.
The camera wouldn't work.
The Nagra wouldn't work.
We'd walk 50, 100 feet
away from the animal,
and everything would work.
We'd walk back to the animal,
and everything would stop.
That's what caught my attention.
That is what I wanted to
answer in the beginning.
What in the world would be
taking down battery belts?
And look at what
those 40 years have
evolved, from trying to find out
what happened to those battery
belts.
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
>> Our next panelist
is a unique individual.
This person died several times,
came back to talk about it.
Noted author.
One of his books is called
"Saved by the Light."
And I don't know how
many of you know this,
but we almost lost this
individual a few months ago.
This individual continues
to go to these events.
He's going to be
in our live show
in Everett, Washington in
March, comes to these events.
Never complains.
He's always there.
He is functioning as I
speak with 15% of his heart.
Folks, Dannion Brinkley.
[APPLAUSE]
This deserves a standing
ovation, folks, if you can.
>> Oh, wow.
Thank you so much.
>> Dannion Brinkley.
[APPLAUSE]
>> This is why I come.
>> They just--
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> --keep sending
you back, don't they?
>> Well, I think it's because
I started out, George,
to fulfill a part of
what I think is a vision.
And I want to finish
that task, like all of us
have a mission or a purpose
in our life [INAUDIBLE]..
Or if we don't, we haven't
paid attention to what that is.
I wrote about it since 1975.
I've talked about it.
And I'm in the final stages
of what I set out to do.
The first thing is accomplished.
Now, I'm in the final stages.
So dying is not going to keep
me from getting up and finishing
it.
We all have to realize this,
that my heart is at 15%.
But I understand
electrically how we work.
>> You're all heart.
>> Well, that's how come I
can get up from the dead.
Thank you.
>> Hi, Dannion.
>> Hey, Tony.
>> Dannion, we would like you
to act like you sell healing
stones for a living.
And convince us to
buy the variety pack.
You have two minutes.
>> Who does these questions?
>> OK.
OK, everybody.
>> We got a follow-up for you.
>> I happen to have a
crystal in my pocket.
I have carried this crystal
in my pocket now for 31 years.
I came across crystals,
because I went to the World
Psychotronic Conference.
And I met this guy
named Marcel Vogel.
And he was going on this pattern
about how crystals grow out
of dirt.
It's a rock that
grows out of dirt.
And is it a very important
item to have in your life?
Yes.
The original radio was
one of these shaved down
to a certain frequency,
electricity running through it.
And you would send a metal
frame between two crystals.
And you would be able to pick
up radio frequency, something
that Tesla talked
about, something
that Einstein talked about.
Marconi did not
invent the radio.
It was Tesla.
And Marconi took
11 Tesla patents.
So to have a crystal
that stores memory,
to have a crystal that
actuate the beauty of how
the Earth molds and creates
an energetic pattern
about crystals.
So why I should think you
should have the battery pack
is because you are made up
of layers of beautiful being.
You are great
powerful and mighty
spiritual being with dignity,
direction, and purpose.
Because the world is
driven based on that.
There is a finite
nature of who we are.
Then to keep that
unfinite beauty
as spiritual beings in place,
we need the variety pack,
one that makes us pay
attention to breathing.
Another makes us pay
attention to loving.
Another pays attention
to be appreciative.
Another one to pay
attention to be admired.
And another to pay attention
to make us inspirational.
So on top of that,
I can get my ass up
from the dead with
the crystal pack.
>> Dannion, no,
don't go anywhere.
Don't go anywhere, Dannion.
>> Don't go back.
>> Dannion, we got one more.
>> One more question.
>> Dannion, come on back.
We wanted to have a
little fun with you there,
so we have a follow-up question.
>> OK, I can take it.
>> Dannion, we'd like you to
describe two ways we can make
our souls feel good.
>> OK.
First, look in the mirror
and give that person you
see a big kiss.
Because what we have created
as an identity is not
our true spiritual self.
We have become aware.
We have decided to be what
everybody else most would
like about us.
And we've molded our
identities into something
we hope pleases other people.
And in pleasing them, that
they're going to like us,
and we feel connected, OK?
Well, what makes
your soul happy is
to be of service, to be
able to think in terms of we
and us instead of "I."
The big trap is when it's I, I,
I, instead we, we, us, and us.
I know from six of
these experiences--
six of them-- that
we are connected.
We are connected in a way
that cannot be described as we
individually seem
to see ourselves.
But remember this.
Every action you take
affects everyone else.
Every energetic pattern that
you think affects everyone else.
So what makes your soul happy
is helping us, helping we.
And if you kiss
yourself in the mirror
and you go out and make a
difference in somebody's life,
the soul celebrates.
And not only that, it
flows like clouds forming.
It rolls outward and outward.
And someone else felt
the love that you gave
and the support that you gave.
And with not their
own consciousness,
did the same thing and made
a difference in their life.
That's what makes the soul
happy, to be of service.
And one last thing.
When you come to
this reality, we
think about God and divinity.
Well, think of this, everybody.
Everything that you hope
God is-- loving, comparing,
compassionate,
protective, supportive,
being there for you--
how many times a day do you
get a chance to be just that?
And when you realize
you have all the skill
sets to be loving, caring,
compassionate, and supportive
in your life, that
makes your soul happy.
And think of this.
We can create living birth.
We live in a planet
in a dimension
that we have the greatest
power to create life
and to seek to understand
how that life sustains.
And that makes our soul happy.
>> Dannion Brinkley.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Dannion, I went to
kiss myself in the mirror,
and he turned his cheek.
>> But Jesus said
something about that.
[LAUGHTER]
>> What?
>> You need to turn
the other cheek.
>> Turn the other cheek.
>> Our next contestant and
panelist is somebody I have
gotten to know through
Gaia's "Cosmic Disclosure--"
Emery Smith.
Emery?
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hi, Emery.
>> Hey, Tom.
>> Emery, what is the most
unselfish act you've done
within the last month?
Two minutes.
>> Well, I gave away a device
I've been working on for seven
years to a major corporation
to get it off my hands that had
to deal with over-unity, so they
could get it out to the world
in a very safe manner.
And I had the
opportunity to develop
new things and new technologies
that I'm basically giving away
to corporations.
So at least it will
get out to the public
faster, and eventually help cure
everyone here, and also help,
of course, cure the planet
and clean up the oceans.
So I write reports and
briefings and send them
to special scientific
organizations
and kind of give them a
little help, a little push.
I'm a problem solver.
And they contact
me, because they've
been seeing me on
these shows at Gaia,
and other shows, and other
radio shows, of course.
And so I think it's
just I'm here to serve.
I'm here to tell my story.
And I'm not here to
convince anyone of anything.
But I'm just letting you
all know I've got your back.
I got the planet's back.
I'm going to help everyone.
>> Emery Smith.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Emery, if the public really
understood what was going
on, how flipped
out would they get?
>> Well, everyone here would
be perfectly fine with it.
[LAUGHTER]
Yes.
Everyone.
I can tell.
I think the problem is once
the truth does come out
about what's under
Antarctica and all
these ancient civilizations
you've been hearing--
my colleagues here speak of--
it will disrupt a lot of
people's belief systems,
especially organized religion
and the history that we've been
taught since we were children.
So there are going to be some
perturbed people out there
that's going to have a difficult
time, because they were raised
this way their entire life.
And now, you just
were told the truth.
And your whole life of
learning the education
of the history of the
planet, and the solar system,
and much other things
has been a complete lie.
They've been
holding back from us
for a very long time, over a
hundred years now, since Tesla,
and suppressing us.
But the great thing is
ever since I came forward,
many, many patents and
many new materials--
over 50 of them--
the corporations
are now releasing.
So the corporations are
listening to all of us
and all of you.
And thank you for all
your support, by the way.
I wouldn't be here if it
wasn't for all of you.
And that being said means
it's in the right direction.
So let's not think of
the gloom and doom.
Let's look to the
future and look
to the stars, and our brothers
and sisters in the stars,
and get ready for it.
Because it is coming, and
it's coming very soon.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Our next panelist is the
Italo-American journalist who
gives personally many of her
own resources for working
on disclosure--
Paola Harris.
>> Go, Paola.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Paola, you have two minutes.
Can we change our karma?
>> The first thing I'm
going to say is the truth.
I do not know.
But I will give you an opinion,
because I deal in more nuts
and bolts kinds of
things where I can
answer a question that I know.
Do I think that we
can change our karma?
Yes, because that
would mean that we
have control over our lives.
I would not believe that we
got ourselves into some cycle
that we'd have to complete a
good act to fix an evil one.
So I believe that our
souls or whoever we are
is flexible enough
to learn a lesson
and not to have to
do the whole thing,
that maybe there is
a mechanism that you
have to do this whole thing to
kind of fix some kind of karma.
I believe that we're
powerful beings.
I believe we're divine beings.
I believe the sky is the limit.
And I think we need to
teach our children this.
>> Good.
>> And, Paola, let
me ask you this.
I've known you for years.
You do this to get
to the answers.
You do this for the truth.
You do this personally.
I know this personally.
What keeps you going?
What drives you?
>> I just want to know.
Don't you?
>> Yes.
>> I saw the film "Close
Encounters," as you know.
And I was around with
Linda in the '70s,
because we both
were at a conference
where Dr. Heimlich came.
And my presentation
is going to be
on all the paranormal
stuff that happened
to me after that, that led me.
Because all you have to
do is, I want to know.
And you're going
to get the answer.
We're going to take you to
places where you will find out.
The question is, you have
to ask the question first,
and then you will start
getting the answers.
So all I said when I was
watching "Close Encounters" is,
is this real?
I want to know.
So somebody, something, or
an infinite consciousness
said, you want to know?
We're going to take you on
this journey for 40 years.
And here I am.
>> And you're still
on this journey.
Well, keep doing it.
>> Yes, thank you.
>> Keep doing it.
Paola Harris.
And of course, our last
panelist for this round--
we'll get into a second
round in just a moment,
is one of the world's
foremost researchers
into the mysteries
of humankind--
Grant Cameron.
Grant?
[APPLAUSE]
>> Hello, Tommy.
>> Hey, Grant.
>> You got a good
question for me?
I paid you lots of money.
>> Well, let's see.
Grant, what in your opinion
is the most powerful thing
in our universe?
And please explain.
>> Consciousness.
It is.
It's all consciousness.
So people always
want to turn it.
Because we live in a
materialistic world,
we always want to
turn it into a noun.
We want to say there's levels.
There's us.
There's them.
There's this and that.
And I had a download
about two years ago.
And part of it said
that it's all a verb.
It's not a noun, that when you
try to change it into a noun.
So I think that consciousness,
the sort of the ground of being
is all there is.
We want to put other
things and level things.
This is more important than this
and all these kind of things.
And basically,
it's all this field
that turns into matter, that
is the ground of everything.
And I had to flip in 2012.
I always make the joke that
before 2012, I probably
couldn't dispelled
consciousness,
and I couldn't of cared less.
And I had this experience.
And some of the
people in this panel
have had these
experiences where you
have these experiences that
come with absolute knowing,
where you know.
You don't have to question.
I know this is for real.
I don't have to test it.
It comes with
absolute certainty.
And it flips your whole life.
And now, I know
what that feeling
is like when that's
coming, when you're
getting some sort of answer.
I believe it all comes
out of consciousness.
The more I look
at it, the less I
talk about anything
that's matter.
And I think that
if you understand
the true nature
of consciousness,
everything starts to make sense.
That's what happened to me.
Because in 2012, I had already
been at it for almost 40 years.
And I was in it, but I
really was depressed.
I really didn't-- like
your wheels are spinning.
You're not going anywhere.
And it was basically
like putting
on glasses when that revelation
came, that it's basically--
and first, I thought it
was just consciousness.
But then I realized it was
non-local consciousness.
But it was-- basically, it
said this is how it works.
And it was just absolutely--
I cannot express how much
that changed my life.
[APPLAUSE]
>> And, Grant, let me ask you.
You are one of the world's
greatest researchers.
Like Paola, like Linda,
and so many others.
You don't give up.
What's that one question
you would love answered
that you haven't gotten yet?
>> Wow.
The one question-- you're
safe from the government.
And if it was for the--
>> It's your choice,
that one question.
>> I guess it would be the
question that Bret Oldham asked
the tall grey.
He said, what's
your concept of God?
I think that would be
the ultimate thing,
is that, what's it all mean?
What's the answer
to the God question?
Where do we come from?
Where are we going?
What's it all about?
Because everything
else is just sort of
like a chapter in the book.
But it's that basic
understanding that we are--
and the more I go through
my life since 2012,
the more I realize that
you're in this Super
Bowl of all stories.
And that I try to say thank
you three times every day,
that I realize this is
the biggest story ever.
Most people are walking
around living lives
of quiet desperation.
And it's this whole concept that
most people when they think I'm
coming to a UFO
Conference, they think
you're exchanging photographs
and stuff like that.
And I say no, it's never
about UFO photographs.
It's always people like
Sid and I sitting together.
And we're sitting there and
talking about, what's God?
What's the concept?
It always goes back to that
same discussion in the bars
and in the coffee shops.
It's that thing about,
why are we here?
And what's going on?
And we are so valued,
because we are in the game.
We actually know there's
a question to be answered.
Most people just wait
until somebody says,
you've got three months to live.
And then they suddenly
go, oh, my God.
What am I going to do?
And they start
running around trying
to figure out why they were.
We are basically
spending our entire life,
trying to answer that
question about, what is God?
Why are we here?
>> Excellent.
Thank you, Grant.
[APPLAUSE]
And as I mentioned, Gaia is
streaming this live worldwide.
One of the executive producers--
Sid Goldberg.
Sid, stand up.
Say hi.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you, Sid.
So we will begin to round
two with Emery Smith.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Emery, what is the most
mysterious place you've visited
and why?
>> Next question.
>> The Life Conscious Expo.
[LAUGHTER]
>> He's pretty good on his feet.
>> That's a tough one.
I mean, I've been on
many different missions
and many different
places, places
that I was not even allowed
to know where I was at.
But it was nothing like
I've seen on planet Earth.
That's for sure.
And they all had something
special about it.
It's kind of like when you go
on vacation around the world.
People always ask
me, well, where's
the best place you've
been around planet Earth?
And every place I've visited
in all the countries--
there's always something
special about something
in that country.
So I'd have to say that all
the places that I've been to,
whether it been
underground facilities
or different atmosphere
facilities that
are living biological
pockets in the Earth.
Or maybe I was on another planet
that some of my colleagues
have kind of insinuated.
But I do not know exactly.
But I what I do know is there
is life beyond this planet.
And there's a lot more
life within this planet.
And some of the most
beautiful things
that I've ever seen in
my entire life and career
was due to traveling
to these areas
and visiting these
areas, wherever they were
and seeing and having
hope that the Earth is not
the only place that
has beautiful life that
can sustain us.
And that's why it's really
important for that information
to come out to the public
and to allow people
to know that not only
are there beautiful
places out there that we
can visit through the stars
or through the Earth,
but they're habitable,
and they're safe.
[BELL RINGING]
>> Our first two minutes are up.
>> Our first bell.
>> First ever.
I think he should continue.
Should he continue, folks?
>> Yes.
>> Let's do it.
>> So that being said, we need
to get this information out,
because there's a lot of
disinformation out there
on the net and things
about these places.
But they do exist.
And the governments and the
corporations, actually--
the governments are
more just the security
for the corporations,
so you know.
So a lot of the facilities
that are underground
are actually on bases, like
Sandia Labs is on Kirtland Air
Force Base.
But Kirtland Air
Force Base is just
the security for Sandia Labs.
And all the underground
facilities under there
are all rented out by
major corporations.
Each level is actually rented
out by different corporations
for different things for
biological testing and things
like this.
And also, there are portals.
The portals are real.
There are man-made portals.
There are portals that
have been on the Earth
and under the oceans
since the earth has
been here, that the
extraterrestrials are using.
And they're monitoring these
sites in these underwater--
where these portals are
underwater and just kind
of figuring out, what
is going on here?
So it's new.
But at the same time, we do have
the ability to space travel.
We do have the ability to go
to all these planets and Mars
without rocket fuel.
And there are places, of
course, on Mars and the moon.
I do believe that Mars
can become habitable
at some point in time.
And that's also
another big cover-up.
But the best part is seeing
life and bringing back
specimens and things that
can actually help us,
help get us to the right
voltage of our body,
so our body can actually
do what it's meant to do.
Because like our colleagues
have pointed out,
we are dumbed down.
And we can do amazing things.
The extraterrestrials look
down as us as the superheroes,
believe it or not, that
we can go through so much
and be so resilient.
And we keep going, because
we want to know the truth.
>> Thank you, Emery.
[APPLAUSE]
Our next panelist--
Lisa Garr.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Lisa, who do you most
admire in your field and why?
He is no longer
physically on this planet,
but it is Wayne Dyer.
And the reason is
because I believe
that because of the enormous
amount of consciousness
that he held when he
was here on this planet
and because of the amount of
people's lives that he touched,
that that tethers his
consciousness still
on this planet and allows us
to learn, ask questions, tether
to his level of consciousness.
I have personally experienced
that and because I
was a friend of his.
And I asked, where are you?
And the images that I got were
beyond this world, nothing
that I could ever have--
I've ever seen or
experienced more vast
than the world could ever hold.
And so my honoring of the Wayne
consciousness, so to speak--
as he's collectively combined
with the God consciousness,
I find his consciousness
to be a great being.
And it's no longer limited to
the human being that was Wayne.
It's now the expansive
consciousness of divinity
and all of us combined.
>> Lisa Garr.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Thank you, Lisa.
[APPLAUSE]
By the way, at 8 o'clock
in the La Jolla room,
we will have our speakers
meet-and-greet reception.
And then I'll be awarding
four special people--
Conscious Lifetime
Achievement Awards.
So come on by.
Make sure you're there.
Next up, Dannion Brinkley.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Dannion, describe your
most life-changing moment.
When I met you, Tommy.
I think the most life
changing moment for me
was being struck by lightning.
>> Twice.
>> Well, I didn't get
it the first time.
[APPLAUSE]
>> If you have a
spiritual connection,
remember that spiritual
connection has to do with
a sense of humor.
If you don't have
a sense of humor,
you will never define
divinity within you, OK?
So for me, you'll never find it.
So for me, one day I grew up
as a complete jackass, 100%
total tough guy, sports,
how I dealt with everything
as I hit it in the face.
And then I saw what it did
after I hit it in the face.
And if I needed to hit
it in the face again,
I hit it in the face again.
Then I discovered,
based on having
being struck by lightning,
declared dead for 28 minutes,
completely paralyzed
for six days,
partially paralyzed for
seven months, and two years
to learn to walk
and feed myself.
In the course of
that, I discovered
I was hitting
myself in the face.
I think the most life
changing event is this.
When you leave this
world, you will
have a panoramic life of you.
You will see your entire
life pass before you
in a 360-degree panorama.
You will have missed nothing.
You will watch yourself from
a second person point of view
as if you were your
own best friend,
so you could see how
really funny you are.
And then you will literally
become every person
that you've ever encountered.
And you feel the direct results
of your interaction between you
and every person you've
ever encountered.
And that means it's a
fair and just universe.
And it means that the
universe is in balance.
And it also means you will
get away with nothing.
When you realize at that point
that you're a spiritual being--
and everybody is trying to
figure out when we got here.
And what's the reason
for being here?
We just need to figure out
when we entered the timeline.
When did I enter the timeline
into this dimensional reality?
I don't care about
all that other.
I don't care about what's next.
When did I enter this timeline?
So the greatest point
is realize that--
>> Keep going, Dannion.
>> --I am a spiritual
being like you are.
Never try to separate yourself
from the divinity that's you.
And please pay attention
to your breath,
the greatest power you have.
And thank the divine
that it's anatomic.
You have to pay
attention to your breath.
It controls everything
physical about you.
And the tension and the stress
that we are created and dummied
down and held in a
prison psychology
keeps us from
taking deep breaths
and appreciating that every
breath that we breathe--
we have the opportunity to make
changing and making difference
in the lives of the people.
And I'd like to
sincerely thank Gaia.
I like Gaia for stepping up
to the plate and you guys
in [INAUDIBLE]---- you guys coming
to the plate and creating this
opportunity, so the whole
world gets the chance.
And then please, guys.
If you haven't gotten
your Gaia membership,
that you can be able to
stream this into your homes
and to your friends.
Please take the
time to go to Gaia
and sign up, because I
am sincerely thankful
and to George and Tommy
for being who they are
and creating this atmosphere.
And that is the most
rewarding and exciting.
>> Dannion Brinkley.
[APPLAUSE]
>> He is one of
a kind, isn't he?
>> I am just like you!
[LAUGHTER]
>> Why did you turn to me
when you said dummied down,
by the way?
[LAUGHTER]
>> Because you let people
get away with stuff, George.
>> Uh-oh.
>> Oh.
>> What you do, George--
>> Are you going to go there?
>> Yeah.
What you do is you let
people get away with stuff.
You let people get away with
stuff when you don't have to.
But the kindness and
caring about you--
you allow people to make
fools of themselves.
>> Like I'm doing now.
>> Exactly.
And I'm appreciative of that.
So I allow and thankful
for you to allow them
to be just the way, they are.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Our next panelist--
rabbi, join the podium.
[APPLAUSE]
Go ahead, Tommy.
>> Rabbi [INAUDIBLE],, what is
your greatest accomplishment
and why?
>> Boy, you throw the
curveballs at him.
>> Yeah, he gives me
the easy questions here.
To answer your
question honestly,
I don't have any
accomplishments.
It's not anything
that I consider.
It's not anything I
concern myself with.
I don't live for the
sake of accomplishments.
What we do in our
tradition is to serve.
We learn to experience and
practice greater realities.
And part of that
greater reality is
to recognize there
is no individuality.
We're all part of
a greater whole.
It is something that we call in
the Hebrew, [SPEAKING HEBREW],,
which means nullification of
self through the recognition
of something greater.
So essentially as many of the
panelists have been discussing,
their experiences with a greater
and greater consciousness,
a greater concept of unity--
that is what we
seek to accomplish.
That is what we
seek to experience.
And as such, accomplishment
is a foreign concept.
This is something
that an individual
seeks for one's self.
But when one
recognizes that there's
only one great true
reality, then that sense
of individuality or
individual accomplishment
doesn't really mean
much of anything at all.
So essentially, to
answer your question,
your question is
meaningless to me.
it's not a value.
It's not about me.
It's not even about us.
It's about a recognition
of a greater whole.
And as that, we
all are servants.
You threw the easy question,
if you remember the last time,
about what I did as a kid.
And I thought about that as
I was sitting here, right?
Toys.
Well, you know something?
If you look back at what
we do when we were young
Remembered the words
of a Jewish rabbi
named Paul when I was a child.
I did childish things.
And when I became an adult, I
put childish ways behind me.
It's from the Christian Bible.
But remember, it's
written by a Jewish rabbi.
In that respect, we all
should be looking back
at the things we
did in our past.
Because they're foreshadows
of where we are today
and where we need
to go in the future.
And ultimately, we will
recognize that ultimate goal.
Like we say in Hebrew,
[SPEAKING HEBREW],,
which means God is one.
We are one.
And we can recognize that
ultimate sense of reality
than the pursuits of
our individualities.
And our individual
accomplishments
becomes secondary to
the greater needs.
>> Thank you, rabbi.
[APPLAUSE]
Grant Cameron-- back up.
>> Grant, what's the most
difficult thing you've had
to give up in life?
>> Most difficult
thing to give up?
I can't even think.
>> He hasn't given
anything up yet.
>> I'm sort of a--
I'm a minimalist, so I
really don't have anything.
So I really don't have
any value except for
my little [INAUDIBLE] machine.
This is my one
possession I have.
And my father-- I guess
when my father died,
I was there with
him when he died.
Things like that--
the personal elements.
But in terms of
material things, I
don't think there's many
people who have less.
I mean, I really have
no value in anything.
I don't know what
made me that way.
But the personal
elements, the breakup
of my marriage, which I took
some responsibility for,
apologizing to my son
for what had happened.
It's those kind of things
that you look back on.
We talked about the life review.
And I'm a big
Michael Newton fan.
And Michael Newton talks about
that as well-- the life review,
that basically you only
have one thing in your life,
is that you come in here.
If reincarnation is a fact, you
come in here to do something.
And when you walk out, you
only get asked one question.
And how did it work out?
And you get the life review.
You don't get away
with anything.
And basically, you can't bring
up Hillary Clinton's emails,
or Donald Trump, or
your mother-in-law,
or the dog ate my homework.
It's basically all about you.
They're going to
call timeout if you
try to bring in somebody else.
So those are the
things I think about.
Because I know there
will be a life review.
And the things that
I regret the most
are in terms of personal
things and things
that I realized I did to other
people that at some point,
I'm going to have
to feel their pain.
>> Grant Cameron.
[APPLAUSE]
As we move around on our
second group of panelists,
Sonja Grace.
Sonja?
[APPLAUSE]
>> Sonja, describe your idea
of hell and then describe
your idea of heaven.
[LAUGHTER]
>> OK.
Wow.
OK.
Well, really, let's
talk about duality,
because this is a
part of duality.
We have been submerged
in duality forever.
And we're now coming to the
end of this phase of humanity
and duality.
We're watching it
literally split apart.
We're in the fifth dimension.
This vibration is very high.
And this whole notion of
measuring things outside
of ourselves--
this is right, this is
wrong, this is good,
this is bad is what
we've done for centuries.
Our energy leaves our body,
and it jumps into something.
Oh, my God.
That's so bad.
And our energy is engaged in it.
And now, we're
creating more karma.
In fact, we just connected
with the collective karma.
And the karma wheel
starts turning again,
because we are in dualism.
And it's only until
we figure that out
and that we understand
that we don't have
to participate in duality--
heaven and hell--
these concepts--
that we step back into our
ourselves into our inner peace.
That's yours.
You guys have inner
peace inside of you.
It's not a John Lennon song, OK?
It was good back then,
but it's inside of us.
And when we go into that
state of inner peace,
then we have the
ability to observe
what is right and wrong,
what is good and bad,
and no longer engage our
energy in that and measure
outside of ourselves.
Now, we can go inside
and measure things
inside our soul body.
And then we have the
ability to really
be in a state of inner peace.
Heaven is a place where we go.
>> Wrap it up.
>> I didn't hear that bell.
>> Go ahead.
Wrap it up.
>> That's the bell, Sonja.
>> Heaven is a place that we
go that's the spirit realm.
And hell is what we
create here on Earth.
Hell is a state of mind.
It's being unhappy
and depressed.
And it's going to
Phoenix, Arizona.
Sorry, Phoenix.
I'm sorry.
It just gets really hot there.
[LAUGHTER]
So I leave you,
Tommy, on these words.
And that is when we really
can understand duality,
we will get it straight on
the heaven and hell front.
Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> See, I don't need a bell
when I'm doing "Coast to Coast."
I just go to a commercial.
[LAUGHTER]
Billy Carson.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Billy, describe what you're
spending your last day on Earth
with your parents would be like.
>> Spending the
last day on Earth?
Well, if I'm spending the last
day on Earth with my parents,
we must be getting ready
to leave this planet
and go to another planet.
That would be my ultimate
goal, ultimate dream.
But I think what
we would be doing
would be having some
very deep discussions as
to our lives here, what
we've accomplished,
how many people did we help?
What have our ancestors--
did on this planet?
Which some of my
ancestors have done a lot
to help people on this
planet a very long time ago.
And we would be talking
about just kind of--
I believe probably reminiscing
on the things that we've done.
And if we are moving
on to another place,
how we will progress
to that new place
and how we will continue
to assist and service
people, or entities, or beings.
How can we be champions
for the greater good?
So that's probably what
we would be talking about.
I remember 2010 when
my mom passed away,
I was sitting in the
room with her talking.
She unfortunately
came down with ALS.
And she was very, very
weak, very, very sick.
And one of the things I really
wish I had at that moment
was a voice recorder
as she was telling me
a lot of very private
and sacred information.
Because I would love to have
recorded that and then taken
that voice file.
And I don't have any tattoos,
but that would probably
be the only tattoo that I
would have gotten on my body
would be the voice imprint of
the last words of my mother.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Thanks, Billy.
Linda had to depart.
She says thank you.
She's got a prior, so
she has left the panel.
Paola Harris.
[APPLAUSE]
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Paola, act like you're
talking to your daughter who is
going on a very important
interview and give her some
advice.
Two minutes.
>> I do have a daughter.
And her name is Lisa Marie,
because I was an Elvis groupie.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Thank you very much.
>> But anyway, the
thing about Lisa--
and I have to be honest
with the audience.
She's wiser than I am.
No, it's genetic.
No.
And she's the one that plays
the mother in our family.
She doesn't really appreciate
my talking about UFOs,
because my family is
not really into it.
>> Really?
>> Yeah.
She has never seen a video
I've been in or read my books.
But she's a very,
very lovely child.
That is the greatest
accomplishment.
And she will say
to me have fun mom
and support me unconditionally.
And that's what she
did when I came here.
Have fun, mom.
We support you unconditionally,
not knowing anything I do.
This is 40 years
worth of this work.
So I could only do for her
what she's done for me,
just support her
unconditionally and tell her
how amazing she is.
And I think that we need to
do that with all our children.
Because every word
that comes out
of their mouth with our kids--
it really, really
resonates with them.
And the negativity--
they never forget.
So I've learned that in
my lifetime being a mother
that you better
watch what you say.
They never forget it.
So my advice, Tom,
would be you're amazing.
Whatever happens is
destiny, and you're
going to do an amazing job.
>> Thank you, Paola.
[APPLAUSE]
>> I've been blessed with three
children, six grandchildren.
And my oldest--
she's 25 years old--
sends me a text a couple
days ago of an ultrasound.
And she said, papa, you're
going to be a great grandfather.
[APPLAUSE]
At 29.
Can you believe that?
Next up, the Rocket
Man, David Adair.
[APPLAUSE]
>> David, if you were given
unlimited musical talent
in this life, what instrument
would you choose to play
and why?
>> I would be a synthesizer,
because of the range on it.
And because I knew how
to play one when I was--
an experiment I had done.
An amazing thing I saw.
I melted metal in a
weightless environment.
And I built a machine where
I could shape the metal.
Did you know that
for every shape
in the geometric
universe, whether it's
a square, a triangle,
circle, there's
a corresponding sound for it.
Now, with audiences like this,
you all go, oh, of course.
Most people in the world don't
even know that kind of stuff.
And in that corresponding,
there is a frequency.
And more importantly,
there is a formula
that you can use to figure
out the vibration waves.
And so what I did was I was able
to build a six-sided speaker
box, have it on the
inside cargo bay
of a space shuttle inside a
55-gallon drum-looking thing.
And the astronauts-- all we had
to do was just flip a switch,
once on and once off.
And it was called GAS--
G-A-S-- Giveaway Special.
So it's like something
from an airline.
But I ran this
operation up there.
And I used stereo sound
waves to shape metal
in a three-dimensional form.
And you had to see
what would happen.
>> In a vacuum?
>> Oh, a total vacuum.
But here's the deal.
You have a glob laying there.
And you take like a bar scanner.
You scan what you
want to replicate.
And what happens--
you play the music,
and the glob becomes an
absolute identical part.
I can control the tolerance
within one 100,000th
of an inch.
But here's the kicker.
The molecular structure inside--
if you look inside
anything metal that's
made here on Earth on a
atomic level, it's chaos.
[BELL RINGING]
>> OK, finish up.
Go ahead.
>> The gravity convection
fields of the Earth comes
in and messes up the blend.
The best you can give with
compatible alloys here on Earth
is about 62%.
However, I got 100%
molecular blend.
And I could freeze the
internal structure of the metal
exactly where I want
it when it hardens.
Well, they said they'll
come back to gravity field.
Won't be worth it.
They'd be brittle.
I said, no, I don't think so.
Because when it comes in, I
just replicated something mother
nature.
What?
The inside of that piece
of metal is honey comb--
strongest structure
known to nature.
So my piece of metal then I
played on a mood synthesizer
was no thicker
than my fingernail.
But on a sheer load, it had
a thousand times the strength
of titanium.
It weighed less than
Styrofoam-- the same size.
It was crystal clear.
The TransSteel of
the 22nd century.
[APPLAUSE]
>> That's why he's
going to Egypt, right?
the Rocket Man.
>> That's why I'm
going to Egypt.
[LAUGHTER]
Thank you.
>> By the way in another
life, David made the pyramids.
[LAUGHTER]
As we wrap up our second
round, Nassim Haramein.
[APPLAUSE]
>> That's a tough act to follow.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Nassim, what is the best
thing we can do to help
our planet?
>> Wow, that's a tough question.
But congratulation
on a grandchild.
>> Thank you.
Great grand.
>> That's the continuum at work.
>> Yeah, that's right.
It continues.
>> Man, there's so many things
we could point to, that would
be really, really good that
we do to help our planet.
But I think at the
end of the day,
if there is anything
an individual can
do to help at this point
is to help themself
and to transform, to
connect with themself
and really transcend the
limitations that they
may encounter in their life
and as a result of their hurt,
as a result of--
it's tremendous
coming to Earth, as
like most of the trauma
that happens in your life
happens in the first
few seconds of your life
when you encounter with
the medical profession.
And we spend a whole
bunch of our time
trying to overcome this.
And I think, overall--
I mean, sure, developing amazing
technologies like transforming
the way we interact with
the biological structures
of our planet, and giving
an opportunity for humanity
to move its
civilization to space,
and all these things
are really important.
But they cannot happen if we
don't change our relationship
to the universe internally
and realize that we are
the universe.
We are the amazing masters
that we admire so much,
and that we have
this opportunity
to make that change
by changing ourselves.
[APPLAUSE]
Thank you.
>> OK, we got time for a
third round, so let us begin.
Sonja Grace.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Sonja, how can we
know our guardian angels?
>> Tom, you're my
guardian angel.
Well, one way that we can
learn about our guardian angels
is to really understand
who our ancestors are.
Because our ancestors are on
the other side looking after us.
Our parents, our grandparents,
our great grandparents.
People have all kinds
of guardian angels.
And I feel that when we pass
and we go to the other side,
we do have that soul contract
with our family of origin
here on Earth that will
look after each other,
until usually I see about
three generations out.
And then people start
to reincarnate again.
So to know your
guardian angels--
I mean, yes, there is angels.
The angelic realm is tremendous.
But there is also
your relatives.
Now, I get clients on the phone.
And I'll say your mom
is looking after you.
And the client will say,
I don't like my mom.
And I don't want her
to look after me.
And it's like, I'm sorry.
But that's where karma comes in.
We have to work this stuff out.
And I hear all the
time people say,
well, I didn't get to talk
to dad before he passed.
Or I didn't get to have a
conversation with their loved
one before they died.
And then of course,
they come to me.
And I'm having that
conversation with the person
on the other side
and the client.
And one of the most
profound things
ever was this father told his
daughter, I will contact you.
She made an appointment with me.
And he came through and he said,
there was a review of my life.
I'd had a review.
But he said it wasn't
about what I had done.
It wasn't about all of the
things that I'd become.
It was about how much I loved.
And he said it
was about the fact
that I loved you, and
your mother, and our dog.
And that was about it.
And he said what
I really learned
in my review was that I was
supposed to love everyone
around the world as much as
I loved you, and your mother,
and our dog.
Yeah.
[BELL RINGS]
>> Thank you.
>> Dannion Brinkley.
For a guy with 15% of his heart,
he's not doing too bad, is he?
>> That's where you know
about CoQ10 and nitrous oxide.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Go ahead, Tom.
>> Dannion, tell us what your
understanding of reincarnation
is.
>> OK.
I have no idea.
When you talk about death and
dying in the spiritual realms
and the things that you travel
into, I can speak emphatically.
I believe that being around
Brian Weiss, and Bruce Greyson,
John--
no, John the guy from--
John Mack.
Listening to them
over the last 30 years
and being able to go to
organizations and after-parties
where you sit
around and you talk.
And John Mack and
Brian Weiss always
wanted to talk about the
near-death experience.
So I got them in
a little corner.
You would have to believe
that we are reincarnated.
And that reincarnation is
a possibility in our life.
I listened to some of this.
I don't believe in
so much about karma.
You've got to keep coming
back till you get it right,
because when you
listen to that process,
the greatest thing
you're going to get to be
is a starving cow in India.
[LAUGHTER]
So I'm not so much karma
driven as being reincarnated,
because I want to
keep getting it right
or I got to keep coming
till I get it right.
If I'm karma reincarnated so
I can come and keep doing good
and to keep fulfilling the
points, hell, everybody,
I've been reincarnated six
times just in this life.
So I can imagine what is
life in all these others.
So I believe that
reincarnation is
a highly probable
plausibility based
on the realms of
consciousness of
dimensional and
interdimensional reality
that we occupy
and spend time in.
So reincarnation is not all
that stuff about being punished.
You got to come till
you get it right,
or till your momma likes you,
or whatever all people do.
But I believe we
have multiple lives
and multiple opportunities
in multiple places,
because we are multiple,
spiritual, connected beings.
[BELL RINGS]
[APPLAUSE]
And I think we're all funny.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Grant Cameron.
[APPLAUSE]
>> It's hard to follow that.
>> So, Grant, explain in detail
a selfless act that you've done
in the last 24 hours.
>> Wow.
>> He lent you $20.
Come on, admit it.
>> Yeah, OK.
Wow.
I didn't do any, not
that I can think of.
Selfless.
I haven't done any.
That's the way--
I try to live my life that
way that I live of service.
I do a lot of volunteer.
That's what I basically do.
That and research.
But in terms of the
last 24 hours, actually,
I cannot think of
anything that I've done.
>> OK, let's get you
off the hot seat.
I'll give you another one.
What is the best advice
you have ever received?
>> The best advice?
The best knowledge
to me is always
going to be Dr. Michael
Newton, having seen
him lecture and the philosophy.
I had three big
enlightenment moments.
One was the UFO sighting I saw.
The second was the
download experience.
The third was seeing Dr.
Michael Newton lecture,
which absolutely changed
my life-- the whole concept
of, oh, that's how it works.
And it just totally
made sense to me.
So that would be
the big thing for me
is the spiritual teachers.
Wayne Dyer was mentioned.
Deepak Chopra.
I mean, people like
this that I just like.
I could listen to them
like 24 hours a day.
>> Grant Cameron.
>> Thank you.
[APPLAUSE]
>> By the way, we just
lost last week a dear guest
to the program and a real
supporter of everything we do--
Marshall Klarfeld, who
is no longer with us.
Paola Harris, you're next.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Paola, in your opinion,
what's the one thing that
stands in the way of
people's happiness?
>> Not being in the present.
I just learned this
in my 70-plus years.
I'm always looking at the future
of only planning the future.
I'm looking at the past.
And I was just walking in a
beautiful park in San Francisco
last week.
And I saw all these people
on their cell phones.
And there was birds of paradise
and flowers everywhere.
And there I could see San
Francisco Bay, and the Bay
Bridge.
And I looked, and stopped,
and quieted my mind,
and said enjoy this.
This is all there is.
And then I thought, what
if tomorrow an asteroid
hit the Earth?
And you're making
all these plans.
And you're worried about money.
And you're worried about this,
and you're worried about that.
This moment right now
where you're breathing
is all there is.
And we should enjoy every single
minute of being in the present.
[APPLAUSE]
>> So true.
Rabbi, you're up next.
>> Rabbi.
I'd like you to
describe for us what
you think it will be like in
100 years from now on Earth.
>> Well, that all depends
on us now, doesn't it?
There's all kinds of
potentials in that respect.
I know many people, especially
from religious points of view,
we're waiting for some
supernatural intervention
from some divine and/or
extraterrestrial source.
That the aliens are
going to come and save us
or a Messiah is going
to come and save us.
Why do we think such things?
If you look into
the history, we're
going to be here in another
hundred years, most likely
not that different from
how we are right now.
But that again
all depends on us.
We have an entire
century ahead of us.
We have all kinds of very
significant, serious problems
going on in our world today.
All kinds of divisions
and all kinds of problems
to destroy ourselves in ways
that we've never had before.
We're either going to overcome
it or a hundred years from now,
we're going to be
living back in what?
The Stone Age kind of thing?
So ultimately, the
choice is ours.
And I believe it's
one of the greatest--
I'll use a strong word--
deception.
That people are actually
waiting for some type
of supernatural intervention
from the skies or somehow.
We sit back and say,
we're waiting for God.
Well, if you could
say, it's God, I think,
who's sitting back
and waiting for us.
And part of our
Kabbalistic Torah teachings
is that if anyone truly wants
to wait and bring a Messiah,
look with inside
yourselves, because that's
where the Messiah is
going to come from.
So ultimately and essentially,
like the whole message
of everything that we teach
in our school is, again,
bringing people together,
building the bridges
and all the like.
So in a hundred years
from now, no, I'm
not going to tell you what
it's going to be like.
I would never want to predict
what it's going to be like.
Why?
Because we're not going
to collapse a singularity
and try to foretell and predict.
Let's leave it open.
And give us the choice
and the opportunity
to make the right decisions.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Do they call in--
when you're in
your synagogue, did
they call it a sermon
when you speak to your--
>> I don't have a synagogue.
I repented of being a
congregational rabbi many,
many years ago,
because I don't like
politics, or the interactions,
and everything that goes on.
I'm a teacher.
I run a school.
So this is where we
can reach everybody
in the world Yeah,
it's called sermons.
>> Well, you're very
good at what you do.
>> Well, that's what we do.
We schmooze.
I'm sure that's a word you know.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Lisa Garr.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Tommy.
>> Hi, Lisa.
>> Hi, Tommy.
>> Lisa, how do you want
people to perceive you?
And do you think they do
perceive you like that now?
>> I've always taught my
daughter that others will see
you the way you see yourself.
And what that does
is it takes your--
and turns your
internal reflection
into how you show
up in the world,
based on what your
internal practice is.
And so how others see me--
if I spent time
on that, it would
be kind of a waste of time.
What I spend time on
is, how do I feel?
And how am I of service
and showing up of service
to the world?
How am I serving my
purpose on this planet?
And how do I show up in
doing that in the world?
How am I serving others?
And in that journey of--
it's not even self-worth.
It's just self-love.
Then others perceive
and hopefully
mirror that, or
share that, or go
on that journey along with me.
The more open I am, the more
open someone else will be.
The more curious I am, the more
curious someone else will be.
The more loving I am, the more
it gives permission to others
to do the same.
So it doesn't concern me--
how others think of me.
That would be a waste of time.
It concerns me how I'm showing
up and serving my purpose,
and God's purpose, and
God's will in this world
that matters of just how I
impact others and give them
permission to be who they are
as I give myself permission
to be who I am.
>> Lisa--
[BELL RINGS]
>> --what would you like your
epitaph on your tombstone
to read?
You have a chance to write it.
>> She loved.
She loved.
Just to be that.
Just to love.
It doesn't need to be
long accomplishments.
What are those anyway?
>> We should all write
our own before that time.
>> Yes, an extension of love.
I just was at a lecture.
And I saw someone who
was speaking about that
and saying we come
here and we write.
And if we were to write
our epitaphs, what that be.
And after the lecture,
someone was on the ground
and really crying,
having a hard time.
And he realized
that nobody would
say anything nice about him,
because he'd been really harsh
his whole life.
And it was an opening
for him to see that
and to really truly reflect.
And it actually changed
his life to realize
that if somebody were to
write something about him,
it wouldn't have
been a good thing.
And I think it's a great
exercise for all of us
to do is to write our own
epitaph, to see how we would
show up in the world and
what other people would
say about us.
And would we be proud of that?
And what does it really mean?
It's a great exercise.
Yeah.
Thanks.
[APPLAUSE]
I know producer Tom wanted to
change his name to Les Moore,
so he could write on
his epitaph here's
Les Moore, no less, no more.
[LAUGHTER]
>> You only told half
that joke, by the way.
>> I always wanted to say that.
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Nassim Haramein.
>> Nassim, what would your
90-year-old self looking back
on your own life advise
you to do differently?
>> It's five years
from now, Nassim.
Just remember that.
I was going to say
I'm almost there.
>> I'm sorry.
>> I think it would say slow
down and enjoy every moment
more.
Experience it more.
Maybe me be more tolerant, more
compassionate, more tolerant
of others and of yourself, of
being part of this-- will work
and just trusting that the
will work will work itself out.
Not having to push so hard,
not having to constantly--
being a little bit
too much in the future
and not enough in the present
moment of experiencing.
And that I think is something I
should remind myself every day.
Thank you.
>> Folks, Nassim Haramein.
[APPLAUSE]
Billy Carson.
>> Billy, what's the one goal in
life you have trouble reaching?
The one goal in life.
I have trouble reaching?
Wow.
There's so many things.
Myself being an entrepreneur, I
said a lot of goals for myself
on a daily basis.
And if you are an
entrepreneur or somebody who
sets a lot of goals, you find
that for every five things
that you start, you're lucky
if one really takes off or does
anything really at all.
So it can be tough.
And if you take that
and extrapolate it
to your own lives, you
start to realize that we all
have goals, wishes, and
dreams, and things that we
want to achieve and accomplish.
And sometimes we
set very, very lofty
and big goals, at least I do.
And we tend to fall short
on them from time to time.
I think that probably one of the
biggest goals that I would've
liked to have reached would
be to sustain a whole family
from start to finish.
Unfortunately, I have.
I've been married before.
And I have been divorced.
And one of the biggest
goals or one of the things
that I always thought--
it was that I would have
the house that had
the big Thanksgiving
dinners or the
holiday situations
where all the family would come
down, and so forth, and so on.
And it just didn't
work out that way.
And I tried a few times.
Hopefully, this time it
will work out that way.
But it's been a very
big goal in my life,
just because I
felt from the time
that I was a young child
growing up in a very, very poor
and kind of broken situation
that I would try to do better.
And I would try to
achieve something
that I didn't have a chance
to really experience myself
in a certain way.
I was loved, but it was a very
broken and very poor situation.
And I wanted to be able to
establish something that
would be set for
prosperity and would
last for a very long time.
So that would be one of
the goals I would probably
say that I fell short on.
But I keep trying.
And I keep trying to persevere.
I haven't given up on those
type of goals and dreams.
I think one of the most
important things is
If you try something and you
fail, don't say that you lost.
Just try to say
that you learned.
Look at the situation and
look at what happened.
Try to pick it apart.
And try to figure
out what you could
have done yourself to help the
situation, make things better.
Or what did you learn from it?
And I think now, to be
quite honest with you,
I'm at a point in my
life where I've just
realized that a lot
of the things that I
went through relationship
wise in the past--
and don't get me wrong.
I had a very, very
nice family life.
You have five kids
and two grandchildren.
But looking back,
it's like I've learned
things about having
patience, being
able to be more compassionate.
Spending more time is very,
very important quality time.
I was a workaholic.
I would sleep literally
four hours a day.
And I would work my butt
off every single day,
7 days a week.
Little things like that.
And you begin to also learn you
develop things like patience,
and how to talk to
people the right way, how
to address your spouse or your
better half in a better way,
and to deal with situations.
And I found now, at
this point in my life
that I've matured to a
specific level, a certain level
that I've never actually
experienced before.
And I think that
now, I feel like I'm
fully empowered and ready
to take on that goal
again and succeed with it,
just based off of my life
experiences and
being able to learn
and really take it in, analyze
it, break it down, and then try
to utilize new solutions and
new ways of dealing with things
in my life.
So I'm really excited
for the future.
And instead of being down and
downtrodden about not achieving
that goal initially,
I'm looking forward
to trying to accomplish
it now and have
a very successful future.
[BELL RINGS]
>> Thank you, Billy.
Two more panelists.
Next stop, Emery Smith.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Emery, what's the one thing
that if you weren't scared
of, you would do?
>> This guy has no fear, Tom.
>> Yeah.
I mean, that's not
going to go anywhere.
>> All right.
You want a different question?
>> Yeah.
>> He eats nails
for breakfast, Tom.
They're organic.
[LAUGHTER]
>> All right.
Tell us what you want your
life to be like in five years.
>> Well, I want--
my life is everyone's
life, I consider.
I see the world changing
in beautiful ways
with new technologies and
a new train of thought
and great exploration
on our Earth
to recover things to set the
record straight of what's
really happening.
So I look forward and see
my life in the future,
helping corporations
and organizations build
huge self-sustainable
communities, to get off
gas, coal, and oil,
and pharmaceuticals
and reducing surgery
by at least 80%.
I see a beautiful
utopia that can
be produced all
around the world,
not just here in
the United States.
And being part of that and
bringing everyone with me--
and all of you and
everyone can be
part of this new world, this
new fantastic civilization
that we are working towards.
So that's where I see myself
as assisting scientists
and corporations figuring
out these problems
through the civilian
world and helping
them expedite this vision.
And also, allowing the
political governments
and the corporations to
be involved with this.
Because it's all about
working together, not
going up against something.
There's millions of
scientists out there
who have done many
brilliant things
and have made similar
devices as mine.
They just don't want to come
up on the podium like I would
and talk about it.
So I think the more that we talk
about these things, the more
information and the
more materials that'll
be out there to help
us get to this utopia.
And it's a very simple thing.
It's really easy.
And I think if we all
start thinking that way
and manifesting it,
it's what I see.
And I know it will happen.
Because when I-- whatever I
dream of and whenever manifest,
it always happens,
except for the part
when they try to kill me.
But besides that, if we
all have this positivity
and this manifestation
thought process, all of us
and everyone listening
around the world right now--
it will happen.
And it's going to happen, and
it's just a matter of time.
But we can expedite it.
[APPLAUSE]
>> And let's wrap this
up with Dave Adair.
[APPLAUSE]
>> David, other
than what you do,
name two things that interest
you that would surprise us
and tell us why.
>> Oh, God.
[LAUGHTER]
Yeah, I hear you over there.
One would be sculpturing,
designing of--
chiseling away at rock and
marble or tile or clay.
>> Told you he
made the pyramids.
I knew it.
[LAUGHTER]
>> The thing I remember of
what Michelangelo said about
the "Statue of David," that
he did not create David.
He released it from the rock.
And it's something
that I learned
by working when I was
building [INAUDIBLE]..
You're like chiseling--
cold steel and a hammer
hitting that rock.
And every time that chisel cuts
into that rock and that rock
feels it.
But with every-- all the pain
that rock is going through,
it's also going to release the
most beautiful thing you've
ever seen on the planet.
And so when I was building
[INAUDIBLE],, it was same way.
It's like a piece
of sculpture work.
The other thing is a
designer of stained glass.
I like designing stained glass.
It's amazing what you can
do to get all the colors
and stuff out of it.
And also, I noticed something
in the world of stained glass.
You don't have any images
of planets, stars, or space,
really.
You see the flowers,
and the birds,
and humming birds and stuff.
But imagine what
a supernova would
look like in stained glass.
That'll get your attention.
Wait till you hang that
up in the sunlight.
It'll light up your room.
So that's the two
things-- stained
glassmaking and sculpting.
>> Ladies and
gentlemen, David Adair.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Folks, for those of you who
want to attend Linda Moulton
Howe's presentation, it is going
on right now in the Los Angeles
B room.
And don't forget tonight
our speakers' reception.
And meet and greet starts at 8
o'clock in the La Jolla room,
followed by The Expo Has Talent.
Oh, and you can only--
you're going to enjoy that.
A number of people coming
up to do their thing.
Let's hear it for Grant,
Lisa, Nassim, the rabbi,
Sonja, Paola, David, Billy,
Emory, and Dannion Brinkley.
Thank you.
[MUSIC PLAYING]